-[drowsy music playing]
-[groans]
It's so slow lately, and I'm bored.
Well, that just means
there aren't any spirits
out there bothering people, right?
[Reigen] It is peaceful.
[Mob] Sure is.
But at this rate, we'll starve!
So we're gonna have to drum up
some work on our own.
URBAN LEGENDS
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
[train horn blares]
URBAN LEGENDS
~ENCOUNTERING RUMORS~
[Mob] Urban legends?
Yeah. I'm sure you've talked
about stuff like that
with your friends
at least once or twice, right?
-[Mob] Not really.
-Seriously?
'Cause when I was a kid,
those sorts of things were all the rage.
[mysterious music playing]
[Reigen] Hanako of the Toilet,
the Human-Faced Dog.
Or the Dragger,
if you want somethin' a little newer.
My plan is to scour
the internet for local hits
about anything having
to do with urban legends.
That sounds even harder
than catching a tsuchinoko.
Nah, not really.
The Dragger's just a story
someone made up.
It's not like that girl actually exists.
Then why look into it?
[Reigen]
Places where urban legends are popular
tend to have a lot of people
who believe in them living in that area,
which means tons of people there
will be looking to buy an exorcism.
-[music fades]
-Why do you look happy
talking about sad people?
The secret to door-to-door sales
is a confident smile!
SPIRITUAL ADVICE
That desk's kinda short.
It was cheap.
What's with all the cold stares?
[Mob] Are we blocking
the street or something?
-[Banshomaru] Hey, you there!
-[Reigen] Hmm?
[Banshomaru] Who gave you permission
to do business here?
-[dramatic music playing]
-Don't you know this area belongs to me,
Banshomaru Shinra,
the greatest psychic of the century?
[Mob] He's the greatest
of the century too?
What do you mean, "belongs"?
You're obviously not
with the Rising Sun Spiritual Union.
No, I'm a free agent.
Name's Reigen Arataka.
If you're another con ar--
I mean, uh, businessman,
do you think you could hook me up
with a few jobs?
The work's been really slow lately.
[scoffs softly]
It would be pretty stupid of me
to help out a business rival, wouldn't it?
Now go on and get outta here!
Not a chance.
What right do you have to order me around?
[Banshomaru] You are breaking
so many city codes.
Oh, that's rich,
comin' from somebody like you!
And what's that supposed to mean, exactly?
-[customer] Excuse me.
-[music fades]
-[both] Huh?
-[customer] Sorry to bother you,
but are you really a psychic?
[both] Yes, ma'am!
[customer] I'm so glad.
I was hoping you could help me.
[both] With pleasure! Sure! [grunt]
[Banshomaru] So,
what seems to be the trouble?
Since childhood,
it seems I've always attracted spirits.
Ghosts and other supernatural phenomena
are drawn to me like a magnet.
-[mysterious music playing]
-There's one here now. Right next to me.
-What? There's nothi--
-Ah, yes. I can see it.
Hey, you shouldn't lie to the client.
What did you just say to me?
Ugh, get a load of this guy.
There is nothing worse than having to work
alongside frauds and liars.
Am I right, Mob?
I see the spirit of a middle-aged man.
Oh, that side! Of course.
Thank goodness.
You are legit psychics.
Last time, I searched for help
on the internet,
but all I found were a bunch of phonies.
Hey, what is it you're writing down?
I've never even thought
about making a website.
I gotta up my online game.
Lately, there's been an especially
foul energy building up around me.
I've managed to ward off
its effects with salt,
piling it on plates in my room.
Ah. Yes.
Spiritual texts do refer
to the efficacy of salt plates.
That's right.
That's why I ordered
extra salt on these fries.
To deter spirit intrusion.
Hey, Mob.
-Don't eat too many of those.
-Huh?
[customer]
I think there's been an increase
in my own sense of dread lately
due to the urban legends connected
with this town that keep spreading.
The Human-Faced Dog.
Dash Granny. The Red Raincoat.
And the Dragger.
I beg of you, please get rid
of the urban legends plaguing us.
Uh-- Well, I'm sorry,
but I can't just go around and--
-[music concludes]
-Leave it all to me, Reigen Arataka!
I swear I'll take care of them!
[chuckles softy]
So, which course
would you like to go with?
Which course?
We have a special right now
on weekend rates.
[Banshomaru] You surprised me.
I can't believe you took the job.
And you want 20,000 yen if you succeed?
It does get that expensive, right?
Our base package starts at 200,000 yen.
So I figure the final bill
for this would run well over 500,000--
Well, I really appreciate
you helping me on this one.
[Banshomaru]
Huh? Wait, what did he just say?
Come on, let's get movin' on this.
Time's a wastin'!
Mister… Bashinmarsha?
Banshomaru Shinra!
And I'm not helping you, jerk!
You sat with her and heard her out.
No running away.
[Banshomaru] Oh, no, I refuse!
I'll cut you in on the pay, of course.
I say we split up
and start questioning people.
Here's my info.
Be sure to stay in touch with any updates.
[scoffs] Whatever, fine.
I guess I'll chalk this one up as charity.
Great! Thanks a bunch!
He wasn't busy, anyway.
Hey, Mob. Is Dimple around?
Dimple, he's calling you.
-What now?
-[tense music playing]
I stay in extra-invisible mode
just to avoid you.
Ah, come on, don't be like that.
-We're co-workers now, aren't we?
-Like hell we are!
You just boss me around like I'm some--
Keep a close eye
on the fatso we're working with.
Use your stealth mode.
Well, what's the point in that?
If he skips out on the job, who cares?
[Reigen] Think he's the kinda idiot
who never deviates from the manual.
But on this job,
if anything bad should happen to him,
as team leader, it'd be on me.
Come on, Dimple, please?
Help us avoid any accidents.
Okay, I'll do it.
It's give-and-take, though.
Someday, I'll need a favor from you two,
and you'd better deliver, ya got it?
You sensing anything, Mob?
Yeah. Our client was absolutely right.
There's something wrong with this town.
There may really be
something sinister at work here.
[music concludes]
[crow cawing]
[Mob] Why are we at an internet café?
Because if we went
around questioning little kids,
somebody might call the cops.
CUTICLE MIDDLE SCHOOL DARK MESSAGE BOARD
[Mob] Wow,
it's all people insulting one another.
[Reigen] Ugh. Finding anything useful
in all this trolling would be like--
Oh! Look!
-Somebody saw something!
-[intriguing music playing]
A man in red?
Yeah, he was here a minute ago.
He tried to talk to us,
but we both ran off.
What? You just saw him?
Where? Where was he? I've gotta find him!
[girl 1] Ow! Let go of me, you weirdo!
This guy is scaring me!
[Banshomaru] Ah! Sorry! I got excited.
But not, like, that kind of excited!
-[groans]
-[Banshomaru] Wait,
why are you looking at me like that?
-[girl 2] Yeah, we're outta here.
-[Banshomaru] Hold on!
It's not safe for you two out there!
Stay away from me! This man's a pervert!
-[alarm beeping]
-[Banshomaru gasps]
Please, you misunderstood me!
I'm not trying to--
-[gasps]
-[bystanders speaking inaudibly]
No, no! I'm not a pervert! I'm a psychic!
An accredited member of society!
For real! See? Look--
Did he say a "psychic"?
-Sounds pretty shady…
-Listen-- [grunts]
-Hey, don't throw rocks at me!
-[both chuckle]
-[grunts]
-Ugh, what a creepy guy.
Wait, I need to get clues from you!
-[Red Raincoat] Girls! Come back!
-[music fades]
[Banshomaru] Was that him?
-[music continues]
-Get back here, damn you! [grunts]
You're the Red Raincoat, aren't you?
Don't get in my way!
[Red Raincoat] It's no fun showing
what's "under the hood" to men!
[Banshomaru] A flasher
who goes after little girls, huh?
You criminal!
[video game music playing]
[kid 1] Look! It's weirdo vs weirdo!
[kid 2] Make sure you're recording this!
[all chuckle]
[Banshomaru chuckles]
I was vice president of the Sumo Club
in elementary school, you know!
[Red Raincoat]
I give up! I give up! Let me go!
[groans] You caught me… Or so you think.
I was on the track team
in middle school, fatso!
-[kid 1] What a cheater.
-[kid 2] He is pretty fast, though.
TERROR
[pants]
[Reigen] This is the Human-Faced Dog, huh?
That's magic marker.
I guess it was bad information.
Nope. This is the real deal, all right.
I'm not sure I understand.
Most rumors end up
being stupid stuff like this.
To the kids,
this little guy is the real thing.
Hey, buddy.
Look! Somebody's
at our Human-Faced Dog's doghouse.
Let's charge a viewing fee!
Could you tell us
who the owner of this dog is?
[boy 1] Yeah,
it's the old man who lives here.
[boy 2] He's got bad eyesight,
so he can't see the scribbles.
Uh-- Are you three guys his grandsons?
-[boy 2] Huh? Why would you think that?
-[both laugh]
Listen up, you dirtbags!
Draw another face on this dog,
and I will beat the living hell outta you!
-[playful music playing]
-He said all that after he hit us.
I'll tell the PTA about this.
Go right ahead, I don't care.
What the world needs is more grown-ups
who can put little brats
like you in your place.
That kind of crap
might work on your teachers,
but it won't work on me, Taro Suzuki!
But you're still gonna use
a fake name, huh?
[old man] Wanna wash Terror for me, do ya?
That's very nice.
Tell me, is he really filthy or something?
Ah, go ahead, either way.
[Reigen] Here you go, Terror.
Who's a good boy? You're a good boy!
Now. Let's get some
before and after pictures
to show the client
what we were able to find out.
You sure you don't just like dogs?
Did you know the Human-Faced Dog
was a prank from the beginning?
Of course, I did. There's not really a dog
with an actual human face. Get real.
Aw! Good doggie!
Let's ask your owner
if we can get some hot water, okay?
[music concludes]
[Banshomaru pants]
What's wrong? Out of breath?
Too bad for you!
I was in the Sumo Club
in elementary school,
but I was in the Ping Pong Club
in middle school!
I've got a ton of stamina,
so just bring it on!
[Red Raincoat]
You're totally out of breath.
Look, dude.
Why are you following me, anyway?
This isn't your problem.
Ever heard of a citizen's arrest?
If I catch you in the act,
I can apprehend you
even without a badge!
Now, it's time to face justice!
It's over, perv!
Did you really think
you'd trapped me, fat boy?
-I was just luring you out here!
-[Banshomaru groaning]
[screaming]
[Red Raincoat] I admit,
this all began as just a weird kink.
But eventually,
I started to get off on the whispers
and rumors I heard about myself in town.
-[eerie music playing]
-It made me feel like a big man.
It made me feel as powerful as a God!
Just by putting on this raincoat
and running around!
You're gonna turn me
over to the cops, is that it?
Try it and see what happens, you pig!
[Banshomaru screams, grunts]
[Red Raincoat chuckles]
He passed out.
But people know what I look like now.
And that'll make things
around here even tougher.
Might be time to go. Huh?
[wind blows]
NO TRESPASSING
Hmm? Oh, I didn't see you there.
Were you watching me?
Hey. Tell me, are you thirsty?
[Red Raincoat] Are you crazy or something?
Uh-huh.
[yells] I'm parched!
Then I'll give you plenty to drink!
[screams]
[growls]
Spirit Hold!
Okay! That's as far as you go!
Damn! My body's still worn out!
[gasps]
Where'd she go?
[yelling]
[rain pattering]
[music concludes]
[chokes]
[bubbling]
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[Dimple] Reigen's insurance sure paid off.
[Dimple] What power!
I can feel the spiritual energy
pouring off her!
I'll try pushing this guy's
latent abilities to the limit!
Here goes!
Hey. Tell me, are you thirsty?
Are you flirting?
'Cause I'm not a fan of women
who are too pushy!
[The Dragger growls]
[Banshomaru grunting]
Take this!
[The Dragger grunts]
[groans]
[yelping]
[sighs]
[groans, sighs]
Whether or not I buy into this manual,
it sure did come in handy!
[grunts, yells]
Hmm? [yells, grunts]
Gotta keep him alive!
So we're getting out of here! [grunts]
-This is an SOS!
-[music fades]
-[grunting]
-[Reigen] There we go! All clean!
Oh, man. Mob, if I didn't know any better,
I'd say you just jumped in a pool.
-[Mob] Guess I shouldn't have helped.
-[cell phone ringing]
[Reigen] Hello, Reigen here.
Ah, got any info on--
Let's go.
Looks like he ran into the Dragger.
[tense music playing]
[groans]
She's one of the most popular
urban legends of modern times.
Maybe that's because of all the talk
about her on social media.
Either way,
she's way more powerful than most.
Looks like she can shapeshift
to suit her needs too.
-[gasps]
-[yells]
[The Dragger yells]
[growls]
[yells]
[grunts]
He snapped his Achilles tendon!
This fatso needs to hit the gym!
[growls]
Please, Dimple. Come on.
If this guy should die under my watch,
Shigeo's not gonna trust me anymore.
And I can't let that happen!
One day, that boy's gonna be a big star.
So I'm gonna do
whatever I can to never let him down.
Oh, crap.
[The Dragger yells]
[grunts]
[music concludes]
-[sighs]
-[Mob] Thanks. Good work, Dimple.
[Reigen] Ooh! So that's the Dragger, huh?
Amazing!
Gotta take a quick photo as proof.
Huh? She doesn't show up on the screen.
-[gasps]
-She's gone!
That monster you just saw
was created by rumors,
which makes it hard
to categorize her as real or fake.
-What do you mean?
-[sinister music playing]
[Dimple] She manifested in this world
by feeding off the imagination
and curiosity of countless people.
Her appearance, her strength,
it was all decided by humanity!
[Reigen] So mankind's image
of her became real?
Yes, that's right.
We know who the Dragger is,
so we can't exorcise her.
What? And why not?
You were once a kid
who was terrified of things
that went bump in the night, weren't you?
Yeah, I guess we all were.
The Dragger appears in the evening,
when you're going home from school.
She kidnaps kids
and drags them into the swamp.
I never believed in Santa Claus,
but if I found myself alone
on a street corner in the rain,
I got goosebumps.
[Banshomaru] The terror we felt back then
is still burned into our brains.
Even now,
I'm shaking just thinking about it.
[Reigen] So this cold sweat
I have right now
is because
I'm instinctively afraid of her?
For a symbol of fear like that,
the power of someone who's afraid
serves as nothing but food.
My spiritual power didn't work on her.
She absorbs the energy
of those who are frightened,
getting stronger and stronger.
Attacks will just make things worse.
Then I guess all we can do is run.
We're done, Mob. It's time to go.
Uh! Whoa! What the hell?
[Banshomaru] I… I can't get out!
[Dimple] It's the Dragger!
This is her doing.
[roars]
She's gigantic!
[growls]
[tense music playing]
Careful, Mob!
She's probably gonna try
to absorb your power too!
No, take a closer look at her.
-[yelps]
-[Dimple] He's doing it!
[gasps]
[Dimple] Ah, that's right!
Shigeo is different!
He was never a part of those groups
that shared urban legends,
creepy gossip, or ghost stories!
He was isolated from
those childhood fears!
So he doesn't even know
what's supposed to be scary
about the Dragger!
[The Dragger screams]
[explosion]
[music concludes]
[Mob] She's a rainy-day monster, right?
I mean, that's sort of scary, isn't it?
You don't get it at all!
The Dragger's got the grip
of a giant bear!
Once she digs her claws into you,
you can never escape!
She can swim across a lake in 20 seconds!
I see! That's her character profile, huh?
You're thinking about her like someone
on a tv show or a D&D game, aren't you?
Come on, Mob!
You could at least pretend
to be scared or surprised.
This is why nobody wants to talk to you.
Hold on. I thought you said
I didn't need to be like other people.
[Reigen] Yeah, but when you grow up,
being able to socialize
becomes more important.
[gentle music playing]
[Banshomaru] I guess I got hurt
when I passed out there, didn't I?
But thanks.
This was a valuable experience for me.
Now I'm gonna head down
to the police station
to talk about that flasher.
Suppose this is goodbye. [groans]
See ya. You take care, now.
One last thing before we go home.
Let's go look into that Dash Granny,
okay?
[music concludes]
[Reigen] We're here at the perfect time.
Keep your eyes peeled and stay focused.
[panting]
[all gasp]
[Dash Granny pants]
[Reigen] There she is! It's really her!
Go for it, Mob!
What the--
One more time.
Huh?
-Hey, Shigeo, what's wrong?
-Yeah, hurry! Now!
[Mob] I can't exorcise her. What do I do?
She's a lot more powerful
than the Dragger ever was.
We're doomed.
[both] You're kidding me!
[Reigen] Oh crap, oh crap,
oh crap, crap, crap, crap!
What do we do?
The only thing we can do!
Run for it! Move!
[Dimple] What happens if she catches us?
It's said that she grabs
her victims from behind
and strangles them to death!
[pants]
Don't stop running!
If she catches you, you're dead!
You're falling behind, Mob!
[Mob pants]
-[gasps]
-[Dash Granny pants sharply]
-[Reigen chuckles]
-[Dimple sighs]
[Reigen] So, it was just an old woman
going for a run.
Hey, what happened?
I thought you could use your physic powers
to move really fast, Shigeo!
-[Mob sobs]
-What are you crying about?
[whimpers] I run all the time…
SCRAPED HIS FACE
…with the Body Improvement Club,
and I lost to an old woman.
[bell dinging]
DING…
Hey, come on! This isn't a competition!
Well, I did get a photo for our client.
I'd say we're done here.
[intriguing music playing]
[narrator] And with that, Dash Granny
became the first urban legend
that traumatized poor Mob.
SOME DAYS LATER
[Reigen] Boom! Did it!
Take a look, Mob!
This update will get us
more jobs for sure!
Hmm?
What is this crap?
Looks like GeoCities.
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
["Memosepia" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] Wow! My fantastic new homepage
is getting us so many jobs now!
Bring it on!
But something's wrong with Mob!
Hey, what's the matter?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode three,
"One Danger After Another: Degeneration."
Recording it? Also an excellent decision.